Explain interactivity case more clearly (#31)
ietf-wg-ohai/draft-ohai-chunked-ohttp: draft-ietf-ohai-chunked-ohttp.md

- The request is sent as a single chunk, and the response is sent as a single
  chunk. This is a non-interactive case, that is identical to the non-chunked
  variant.
- The request is sent as a single chunk, and the response is sent in multiple
  chunks. This is a non-interactive case, since there is no possibility
  that the client can influence its request based on the response content.
- The request is sent in multiple chunks, but either all chunks are sent before
  a response chunk is received, or the sending of the chunks is not influenced
  by the response chunks. This is a non-interactive case, since again the
  client's request is not influenced by any response content.
- The request is sent in multiple chunks, at least one of which specifically
  is sent after receiving a response chunk (or the complete response), where
  the response influences the timing and/or content of the request chunk.
  This is an interactive case.

In the interactive case, the Oblivious Gateway Resource Is able to
observe the round trip time to the Client, which can change the privacy
assumptions of the system. Client implementations therefore need to be aware

> of the possibility that processing chunks might result in observable interactivity
> that could reduces the privacy protection that the protocol could otherwise provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the possibility that interactively processing chunks might reveal information to the
Oblivious Gateway Resource that is otherwise not kept private.
```

For cases when this is unacceptable, the client can ensure that it never has an
interactive exchange, either by not sending its request in multiple chunks, or
by ensuring that the sending of those chunks is not based on the responses.

> Interactivity that is deliberate might be acceptable. For instance, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Interactivity that is deliberate might be acceptable. For instance, the
```

further interactivity.  Using a chunked variant at both Client and Oblivious
Gateway Resource creates the possibility that an exchange could lead to multiple
rounds of interaction.  Information from early chunks from a peer could
influence how an endpoint constructs later chunks of their message.  However,
the use of Chunked OHTTP does not necessarily mean that exchanges will involve
interactivity.

Interactivity for Chunked OHTTP can be defined as any case in which the response
can influence the timing or content of the request. To help explain this
distinction, the following scenarios can be used to understand different
modalities for requests and responses:

- The request is sent as a single chunk, and the response is sent as a single

>   chunk. This is a non-interactive case, that is identical to the non-chunked

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  chunk. This is a non-interactive case that is identical to the non-chunked
```

  variant.
- The request is sent as a single chunk, and the response is sent in multiple

>   chunks. This is a non-interactive case, since there is no possibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  chunks. This is a non-interactive case, because there is no possibility
```

  that the client can influence its request based on the response content.
- The request is sent in multiple chunks, but either all chunks are sent before
  a response chunk is received, or the sending of the chunks is not influenced
  by the response chunks. This is a non-interactive case, since again the
  client's request is not influenced by any response content.
- The request is sent in multiple chunks, at least one of which specifically

>   is sent after receiving a response chunk (or the complete response), where

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  is sent after receiving -- and possibly processing -- a response chunk (or the complete response), where
```

  the response influences the timing and/or content of the request chunk.
  This is an interactive case.

In the interactive case, the Oblivious Gateway Resource can
observe the round trip time to the Client, which can change the privacy
assumptions of the system. Client implementations therefore need to be aware
of the possibility that interactively processing chunks might reveal information to the
Oblivious Gateway Resource that is otherwise kept private.

> For cases when this is unacceptable, the client can ensure that it never has an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For cases when interactivity introduces unacceptable risks, the client can ensure that it never has an
```

interactive exchange, either by not sending its request in multiple chunks, or

> by ensuring that the sending of those chunks is not based on the responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by ensuring that the sending of request chunks cannot be influenced by the response.
```
